RUMM-664 Coil integration with Datadog (#349)
DataDog/dd-sdk-android: dd-sdk-android-coil/README.md

# Datadog Integration for Coil

## Getting Started 

> To include the Datadog integration for [Coil][1] in your project, simply add the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To include the Datadog integration for [Coil][1] in your project, add the
```

following to your application's `build.gradle` file.

```
repositories {
    maven { url "https://dl.bintray.com/datadog/datadog-maven" }
}

dependencies {
    implementation "com.datadoghq:dd-sdk-android:<latest-version>"
    implementation "com.datadoghq:dd-sdk-android-coil:<latest-version>"
}
```

> ### Initial Setup

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Initial setup
```

> Before you can use the SDK, you need to setup the library with your application

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before using the SDK, set up the library with your application
```

> context, your Client token and your Application ID. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
context, client token, and application ID. 
```

> To generate a Client token and an Application ID please check **UX Monitoring > RUM Applications > New Application**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To generate a client token and an application ID, check **UX Monitoring > RUM Applications > New Application**
```

in the Datadog dashboard.

```kotlin
class SampleApplication : Application() {

    override fun onCreate() {
        super.onCreate()
        val config = DatadogConfig.Builder("<CLIENT_TOKEN>", "<ENVIRONMENT_NAME>", "<APPLICATION_ID>").build()
        Datadog.initialize(this, config)

        val  logger = Logger.Builder()
                .setNetworkInfoEnabled(true)
                .setLogcatLogsEnabled(true)
                .setDatadogLogsEnabled(true)
                .build();
    }
}
```

> Following Coil's [API documentation][2], you then need to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow Coil's [API documentation][2] to:
```

 
 - Create your own `ImageLoader` by providing your own OkHttpClient (configured with `DatadogInterceptor`).

```kotlin
    val imageLoader = ImageLoader.Builder(context).okHttpClient(okHttpClient).build()
    Coil.setImageLoader(imageLoader)
```

- Decorate the `ImageRequest.Builder` with the `DatadogCoilRequestListener` whenever you perform an image loading request.
 
 ```kotlin
     imageView.load(uri){
        listener(DatadogCoilRequestListener())
     }
 ```

> Doing so will automatically track Coil's network requests (creating both APM Traces and RUM Resource events), and will also listen for disk cache errors (creating RUM Error events).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This automatically tracks Coil's network requests (creating both APM Traces and RUM Resource events), and listens for disk cache errors (creating RUM Error events).
```

## Contributing

> Pull requests are welcome, but please open an issue first to discuss what you

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> would like to change. For more information, read the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For details on contributing, read the 
```
